Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, June 6, 1882, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using
this ebook.



Title: Harper's Young People, June 6, 1882
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: October 4, 2018 [EBook #58023]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, JUNE ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. III.--NO. 136. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, June 6, 1882. Copyright, 1882, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50 per
Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




"SCRAP."

BY MRS. JOHN LILLIE.


"Come here, boys," said Mary Grey, closing the dining-room door very
softly, and calling Ben and Lewis to her. Mary was their elder sister.
She seemed a great deal older than the boys, for Ben was only nine, and
Lewis six, while Mary was seventeen.

"A dear little brother is upstairs waiting to see you," said Mary. "And
if you are good boys, nurse says you may hold him for a few moments in
your arms."

Ben and Lewis began capering about with delight; but they followed Mary
upstairs, very much impressed by the idea that they had a new member of
the family to meet--a tiny wee boy, all their own little brother.

In Dr. Grey's house there is a big, sunny, peaceful room fronting an
old-fashioned garden, and there it was that the little brother lay
waiting in a pink and white cradle. Ben and Lewis went in very softly.
They were very much afraid of old Mrs. Newman, the nurse; they were
afraid the baby would cry; and yet there was in their minds a general
impression that the new boy in the family would put them out of power.
But at sight of the baby all such fears vanished. Such a mite of a
thing! A dear little black head, a pair of bright, blinking eyes,
doubled-up pink fists, and a dimple in one cheek. It was while the two
boys stood looking at him for the first time that he was given the name
which always clung to him in spite of his being christened Philip.

"Oh, Mary," Lewis exclaimed, in a soft tone, "I sha'n't mind _him_--he
is only a little Scrap!"

I don't know just why it was, but from that hour no one seemed to think
of calling him anything but "Scrap." Perhaps it was because he had such
a dear little face that every one wanted to give him a pet name. Perhaps
it was because he was so slimly built, and was always such a wee thing
in spite of rosy cheeks and merry ways. But in any case the name clung
to him.

When his mother died he was only a baby, but she already had called him
by his nickname, and it was Mary, I think, who passionately declared he
should know no other.

Ben and Lewis took Scrap in charge immediately. They thought it great
fun to hold the little big-eyed baby, and feel that he was younger and
weaker than they. But yet Scrap was a real boy. As soon as he could
understand any sort of fun, which was very early, they taught him all
their games, and they made him what they called their "Regiment." Ben
and Lewis were Colonel and Captain of Scrap; and Scrap himself was well
enough pleased with his subordinate position. Sometimes they played at
what they called "Marching against the North Pole," and it was a curious
thing that they always chose such very hot weather for this particular
game. They wore blankets, and counterpanes, and old seal-skin caps, and
they sat on the nursery stairs, covered with rugs, pretending they were
in sleighs, on their way to the North Pole, while the perspiration
streamed from their faces. It was usually Ben who, at a given moment,
impersonated a singular character known as the "Iceberg Man," and who
upset the whole company. Scrap, weighed down by bedding, generally fell
asleep during this performance, and I must say that Ben and Lewis rather
languished toward the end of it; but they never tired of playing at that
game over and over again, until cold weather came.

Scrap had the measles about this time, and while he lay in bed Ben and
Lewis occupied themselves writing bulletins of his progress, which were
pinned to the dining-room door every morning, and were intended to be
very helpful in their character. Scrap was by no means dangerously ill,
but his seclusion filled the boys with a sense of horror. One of these
bulletins ran as follows:

"No chainge for the better. Pulse is lite and he cries a good deal. Mary
says he's got to be made to keep still."

Another:

"He kicked Mrs. Brown, and called her a cross old thing. Tong is bad and
he wont kepe the kovers on him. Mary says he is orful to take kare of."

As the disease progressed, the bulletins became still more unpleasantly
personal. One, written in very black ink, ran as follows:

"He put his Tong out at the doctor, and mary says we are afrade he is
going to have the mumps and if he does wont there just be a time with
him."

This "time" came to pass, for mumps set in, and poor little Scrap's
seclusion left him a very white-faced, tired little person indeed. But
after a time no more horrible bulletins had to be written about him, for
all his sweetness of temper returned, and he played at being the
"Regiment" again with great gayety.

[Illustration: SCRAP AND HIS KITTEN.]

It was about this time that I one day heard a knock at my front door,
and opening it myself, found Scrap standing very still, his eyes
twinkling, and his little mouth trying not to smile. He had a wee kitten
in a basket.

"Well, Scrap!" I exclaimed, "I'm glad to see you, dear. Where did pussy
come from?"

"I find I don't need her," he said, soberly, coming in and sitting down,
grave as a little judge. "She's a present for you. Do you think you like
cats?"

"Not always," I had to answer in truth. "But that looks such a dear
little thing! Where did you get her, Scrap dear?"

"The ashman gave her to me," said Scrap, with a little anxious frown.
"As a general fact ashmen don't own kittens, at least so this one said
they didn't; but he said if we didn't buy her he'd drown her in a bag,
and I bought her with my penny; but I find I don't need her, and I
thought you'd like her for a real truly present."

Who could refuse Scrap's offering, even though it entailed watching a
little kitten that could not crawl?

"She doesn't know how to be sorry for me," he said, as he was leaving,
having kissed pussy tenderly good-by--"but she is only a baby. I think,"
he added, looking at me with his earnest little way--"I think the ashman
is her uncle."

Scrap early developed two talents; one was for running away, the other
was for composing stories. The stories were most interesting, but the
running away used to frighten the whole household. Scrap would be
brought back from these expeditions a most dejected, tired little
person. One day he wandered all over New York with a German band;
another time he was found in an old woman's shanty, learning how to feed
pigs. When he was remonstrated with he would listen very soberly, fixing
his eyes on Mary's face, and watching her mouth with comical intentness;
but unfortunately it was impossible to make him appreciate the dangerous
character of his offenses. One day, after Mary had exhausted all her
eloquence, and told him of every possible danger, he remarked, calmly:

"That wasn't half as interesting as the last time, Mary. You never told
me a word about Charlie Ross. Begin with how he was let go out to play."
Then his little eyes danced, and he added, with his quaint air: "Make it
just as frightening as you can, and couldn't you put in something about
bears? Just scare me awfully, and see if it won't do me good."

Soon after this a means of preventing Scrap's vagabondizing occurred.
Dr. Grey decided to take all the children to Germany, and Mary told
Scrap he would see far more there than he ever could by running away. So
the family sailed one summer for Austria. It was when they were on the
steamer that they discovered Scrap had hidden away in his pocket a tiny
American flag. Ben and Lewis laughed at him dreadfully, but Scrap was
not to be put down.

"Now, you boys," he said, with his most dignified air, "suppose they
should take me for a German, don't you see? I'll just show them my
'Merikan flag."

This spirit moved little Scrap all the time he was abroad. He resolutely
refused to mingle with German boys in any purely German sport, lest he
should lose his position as a "'Merikan" among them. He would say, "I'll
show you some of our 'Merikan games, if you can learn them."

In the little German town where the boys lived he became a sort of small
leader, older boys quite giving way before his manly assertion of
authority. Among others, Scrap played with some young German Princes,
whose rank in their own country entitled them to rule in all the games.
This puzzled and bothered Scrap. One day he withdrew from a game, calmly
remarking: "Perhaps you didn't know--I am a 'Merikan Prince."

After that Scrap's power never was contested. All that winter he went on
writing his funny little stories, or telling them to the other boys. I
do not know just whence Scrap's stories came, nor how they were made up,
but I will quote from one which lies before me.

     "William and Billy were two brothers, and they lived with their
     father and mother. Their father was named Mr. Holloway. He had been
     a very rich man, but now he had lost most of his money. He lost it
     through a chink in the wall. After that he kept his money on ice.

     "'Come,' said William to Billy. 'Let us go down to the brook and
     fish.'

     "So they went.

     "'Hi-i!' said Billy, 'I've found a penny.'

     "He then found a very large smooth rock to lay it on before they
     began to fish.

     "They meant to catch a whale, but they tried for little fishes
     first. William caught one little one, and laid it on the rock.
     Presently they heard the fish screaming and yelling, and they went
     to the rock, and saw the penny was gone. They knew the fish had
     swallowed it, for he kept on screeching so. They took him up and
     jiggled him by the tail, and the penny dropped out. At last they
     caught a whale, and carried him home with the little fish. Mr. and
     Mrs. Holloway thought they would like to go to that same brook and
     fish. So, early the next morning, they went. They worked all day,
     and William and Billy had two pieces of pie for dinner all alone.
     And what do you think? When Mr. and Mrs. Holloway came home they
     had only caught one skinny, miserable little thing, and William and
     Billy sat down and roared laughing."

Scrap asked Mary if she thought any one would like to publish this
story. He said it wasn't truly true, but he had it in his head just as
if it was true. He said the German boys liked it; but he knew they were
sorry William and Billy were Americans.

Scrap began a museum about this time, and when you paid a penny and went
in to see it, you were treated to a tepid drink which he called
"lemarade," and which made you feel very uncomfortable almost at once.
Scrap mixed it in a bottle, and kept it under his little pillow, except
on "museum days." This museum was a source of great joy to the
round-faced German boys. It contained a variety of articles brought
from America. One was a piece of horseshoe, which Scrap labelled "An
American's bone."

He had some old teeth; a broken pistol; an ancient army hat of his
father's; varieties of buttons; a few dried flowers, labelled, "From
Central Park, United States of 'Merica"; a piece of marble with which,
Scrap said, "any one could plant a whole tombstone" (he believed they
grew); and finally a number of old postage stamps. Quantity seemed to be
mainly Scrap's object. When, you got tired of looking, the "lemarade"
'was again handed around.

After a few exhibitions of this valuable collection, it seemed to occur
to Scrap that the affair needed life and animation. So he instituted a
dance 'midway in the performance. It was done with great gravity, and
dear little Scrap's feet were so large that they made every movement
funny. Somehow, although it was meant as a diversion, that dance was so
pathetic no one could smile naturally, and Scrap himself seemed to
consider it a dignified affair.

I am sorry that I can not tell you more about dear little Scrap's
doings. His active, merry, earnest ways seem to have filled all that
German winter. He organized all the games of the neighborhood, and was
the leader in everything. All the time he had certain quiet hours in
which, dear baby that he was in years, his education went on--his funny
little education! He wrote and read and spelled, and he did the most
astonishing little sums.

One snowy March day Scrap fell ill. His longing to see America once more
grew positively painful. He kept his desk near him, and continued his
"museum days," always handing around "lemarade" at the usual intervals,
and promising us new dances when he got well.

The boys used to make a circle around his bed, and it seemed to worry
them that at times they had been cross or rough with Scrap. Unless he
was very weak, he would always tell them stories. His little face grew
very white and wistful-looking, and his voice very tired, and I think if
any one had had the heart, those museum days would have been interfered
with, for he entered into the spirit of them so keenly that they left
him very weary.

At last he gave them up of his own will. He found he could not enjoy
them; but he kept his little flag close at hand. One afternoon, when it
was snowing outside, and everything in-doors was very still, and Ben was
asleep in a chair by the fire, Scrap touched his sister Mary with one
little feverish hand, and said:

"Molly, isn't it 'Merika yet?"

Mary had tears so thickly in her eyes, she bent her face that Scrap
might not see them. The dear little face on the pillow was watching hers
anxiously.

"It will be very soon, my darling."

Scrap moved about restlessly for a moment, tracing a pattern on the wall
with one little finger. It grew tired so soon. When he turned his face
again to Mary, he said, with his old quaint air, and jealously holding
his little flag, "Won't I _always_ be a truly 'Merikan, Molly?"

They re-assured him on this point, and he fell asleep quite comforted.
The dear little Scrap! He scarcely spoke again. The next day's wintry
dawn saw him in his last slumber. The little flag he had so treasured as
the symbol of his native land was held so closely in his fingers that
they would not move it. His little friends came in to see him for
good-by, and Mary and Ben and Lewis talked of the day when he had first
come to them, lying in that pink and white cradle over the sea. Would
the room look the same ever again? Ben wondered. Lewis talked of how
Scrap had loved the garden.

When they kissed him for the last time, and laid him to rest, the bit of
color and the faded stars went with him. His dear little face wore its
sweetest look. The flag was clasped on his bosom, and winter flowers
were lying all about him.




WAVE AND SAND.

BY CHARLES BARNARD.


I have now told you something, at three different times, about the sea,
the rocks, and the waves. You remember we looked at these things, and
tried to learn something of the way in which the winds and waves have
worked together to carve out the rocks and the dry land. There is
nothing like seeing a thing for yourself, and those boys and girls who
live near the eastern shore of the United States, between New York and
Florida, can easily visit one of the strangest of the strange works done
by the sea.

Along the whole south side of Long Island, beginning at Montauk, all
along the Jersey shore, away down past Little Delaware, Maryland, and
Virginia, Cape Hatteras, and the low sandy shores of the Carolinas and
Georgia, to the Florida Keys, is a most singular beach, built up by the
sea. The odd thing about this thousand-mile beach is that it appears
about to move away. It is continually walking along the coast, up or
down, or forward and backward, as if restless and tired of staying in
one place.

At one time it may have great holes cut through it, and at another time
it creeps along and closes up the gaps, and alters the whole character
of the country behind it. Its queer habit of creeping along the shore in
certain places has given such parts the name of travelling beaches.
Really, I suppose, there are no beaches in the world that do not travel
about at some time. They are all restless things, and while we may not
see them move, we feel very sure they can and do travel for miles
wherever the winds and waves compel them. People who live on these
travelling beaches try to stop them by building heavy stone walls, or by
driving rows of piles across them. They do not seem to care much, and in
some places the sand and rolling pebbles climb over the walls, and
travel on very much as they please. Coney Island is one of these
travelling beaches, Rockaway is another, Sandy Hook is part of another.

The only thing that can stop one of these creeping beaches is a river.
The Hudson River, flowing out of New York Bay, breaks the beach in two
between the Highlands of Navesink and Long Island. There has been a big
fight here between the beach and the river. Coney Island has crept out
like a crooked finger from the east, and Sandy Hook has travelled up for
several miles from the south. If the river were not the strongest, the
beaches would creep out from each side and grow right across the great
bay, and Sandy Hook would touch Coney Island. Then, in place of the wide
bay open to the sea, there would be a long beach, with the ocean on the
outside and a fresh-water lake on the inside.

All the rivers that flow east from the mountains in the Eastern States
below New York Bay have had to fight with this creeping beach before
they could escape into the sea. In some places the beaches have crept
right across the streams, and compelled them to turn aside and go
another way.

[Illustration: NEW JERSEY COAST SOUTH OF SANDY HOOK.]

Here is a map showing one place where long years ago there was a strange
fight between the creeping beach and two poor little rivers. The place
is on the New Jersey shore not far from New York. At the bottom of the
map is a part of the Shrewsbury River. Just north of it is another and
larger stream called the Navesink. Still farther north are the high
hills called the Highlands of Navesink. In front of these two streams
and the hills is a narrow strip of beach, and outside of this is the
Atlantic Ocean. There is a carriage-road and a railroad on top of the
beach, and from the car windows you can see the surf breaking on one
side, and the still waters of the two rivers on the other side. It is so
narrow that often the sea breaks entirely over it, and in the
summer-time you can walk from one side to the other in less than two
minutes. To the north this beach extends to Sandy Hook, and to the south
it stretches for hundreds of miles, with here and there a break, as at
the Chesapeake or at the Delaware Capes, far down to Florida.
Pine-trees grow on it here. Far away to the south the wild palmetto, the
orange-trees, and the bananas grow along the shore.

The strange thing about the place shown on this map is found just where
the two rivers meet. A long time ago--so long that no one can tell when
it may have happened--the rivers ran into the sea just where the beach
is now. Where the hotels and cottages stand was once deep water. There
are two ways in which this may have happened: it may have been a storm
that threw up a bar across the river's mouth, or the creeping beach may
have slowly pushed its way along and closed it up. It may have been both
the storm and the creeping sand. At any rate, we may feel pretty sure
the river was dammed up, and the water, finding no other outlet, turned
to the north, and burst through into Sandy Hook Bay. It cut a path along
the front of the hills, and there we find it to-day, a narrow river
running to the north between the beach and the high-lands. Steam-boats
pass up the Navesink River this way, and a bridge has been built over
the stream to the beach. All this, as it is to-day, is shown on the map.

This creeping motion of the beach is very curious. The waves when the
wind blows from the south or southeast strike the shore obliquely; that
is, instead of rolling in "broad-side," as the sailors would say, or
squarely in front, they strike at an angle. One end of the wave strikes
the bottom first, and the breaking surf seems to run along the beach,
instead of falling all at once, for some distance. The waves, as you
have seen, push the sand along before them, and so it happens that these
southeast waves drive the sand along as well as up the beach. The sand
slides and rolls toward the right, or north, and the beach is said to
creep or travel. If there is an opening in the beach, the waves push the
sand from the south into the opening, and it grows out into the deep
water just as you saw in the picture of the sand-bar. This beach has
already crept three miles out into the water, and made Sandy Hook.

One thing is quite certain. There was at one time a deep channel through
the beach just here. At one time not many years ago a storm broke
through the beach, and a ship, losing its way, ran in there, and was
wrecked. Not a trace of the old hull can be found now. The beach long
ago crept over the place, and to-day the sand makes a solid strip of
land there, just as we see it.

Look at the map again. Opposite the two rivers, outside the beach, you
see a curious tongue or spit running out from the shore. This is under
water, out of sight. The United States Coast Survey sent their boats all
over this place, and measured the depth. The numbers on the map show the
depth of the water in feet. Just here it is shallow. A little farther
north, directly opposite the two rivers, it is much deeper. Again,
farther along, there are more sandy spits and bars running out under
water. This shows that at one time there was a deep channel here between
the two shoals. It is fair to suppose this deep place was the old mouth
of a river. It is said there are even some old teeth left in it yet, for
on the southern spit is a buoy that marks a dangerous place called the
Shrewsbury Rocks. All these things tell us that at one time these two
rivers ran into the sea where now the beach stands, and that the waves
and the creeping sand got the best of the rivers, and altered the whole
face of the country hereabouts. Where once was an inlet and a swift
river is now a beach and a broad shallow-stream, lined with marshes, and
slowly filling up with salt grasses and soft mud washed down from the
red soil of the hills. What will happen next may be quite as strange as
that which has gone before.

Not long ago I sailed for three days and nights along the coast from New
York to Savannah. By day we could see from the steamer's deck trees and
buildings, bath-houses, fishing-houses, and tall light-houses standing
on the western horizon, as if planted in the water. They were on this
same low beach that extends for a thousand miles along our coast. Behind
the beach for nearly all the way there is still water, in lagoons or
great swamps, in narrow streams ashore, or in great inland seas like
Albemarle and Pamlico Sounds. At one place in Florida there is a strange
stream called the Indian River that flows for a hundred miles just
behind the beach, close to the sea, before it finds a way out into the
ocean. In many places steamboats pass along the coast for long distances
behind this sandy fringe that lines the shore. Still more curious is the
low land behind the beach and the still water. It stretches like a vast
plain, growing wider and wider toward the south, far down to Florida. It
is covered with pine-trees, and in some places it is called the
Pine-Barrens, and at other places the Piny Woods Country.

The waves and the creeping beaches have been at work a long time, just
as they are at work to-day. There will always be a struggle between the
rivers at these queer travelling beaches, but which will be the victor
and what will grow out of it all nobody can tell. It makes no difference
after all. Some one may have his pretty house torn down by the waves,
and steamboats may have to change their routes; but the Fatherly
Goodness that controls these things will do what is best for the sea and
the land and all His children.




MR. STUBBS'S BROTHER.[1]

[1] Begun in No. 127, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

BY JAMES OTIS,

AUTHOR OF "TOBY TYLER," "TIM AND TIP," ETC.

CHAPTER X.

THE ACCIDENT.


That night Toby and Abner went to the circus grounds with Uncle Daniel
and Aunt Olive; and when old Ben approached the party, as they were
nearing the tent, Toby motioned the cripple to come with him, for he
thought it might be better that the boy should not hear the conversation
concerning him.

It had been decided by Uncle Daniel that the boys should go to the
circus grounds that evening, and stay there until it was nearly dark,
when they were to go home to bed; for he did not believe in having boys
out after dark, being certain it was better for their health to go to
bed early.

Toby therefore intended to make this visit simply one of farewell. But
first he wanted Abner to see a little more of the bustle and confusion
that had so fascinated him in the afternoon.

To that end the boys walked around the inclosure, listened to the men
who were loudly crying the wonderful things they had for sale, and all
the while kept a bright look-out in the hope of seeing some of their
circus friends.

It was nearly time for the performance to begin when the boys went into
the skeleton's tent, and said good-by to the thin man and his fat wife.

Then Toby, anxious to run around to the dressing-rooms to speak with
Ella, and not daring to take Abner with him, said to the boy:

"Now you wait here for a minute, and I'll be right back."

Abner was perfectly contented to wait; it seemed to him that he would
have been willing to stay there all night, provided the excitement
should continue, and as he leaned against one of the tent ropes, he
gazed around him in perfect delight.

Toby found Ella without much difficulty; but both she and her mother had
so much to say that it was some time before he could leave them to go in
search of Ben.

The old driver was curled up on his wagon, taking "forty winks," as he
called a nap, before starting on the road again.

When Toby awakened him he explained that he would not have taken the
liberty if it had not been for the purpose of saying good-by, and Ben
replied, good-naturedly:

"That's all right, Toby; I should only have been angry with you if you
had let me sleep. I've fixed it with your uncle about that little
cripple; and now, when I get pitched off and killed some of these dark
nights, there'll be one what'll be sorry I'm gone. Be a good boy, Toby;
don't ever do anything you'd be afraid to tell your uncle Dan'l of, and
next year I'll see you again."

Toby wanted to say something; but the old driver had spoken his
farewell, and was evidently determined neither to say nor to hear
anything more, for he crawled up on the box of the wagon again, and
appeared to fall asleep instantly.

Toby stood looking at him a moment, as if trying to make out whether
this sudden sleep was real, or only feigned in order to prevent the
parting from being a sad one; and then he said, as he started toward the
door:

"Well, I thank you over and over again for Mr. Stubbs's brother, even if
you have gone to sleep." Then he went to meet Abner.

When he reached the place where he had left his friend, to his great
surprise he could see nothing of him. There was no possibility that he
could have made any mistake as to the place, for he had left him
standing just behind the skeleton's tent.

Toby ran quickly around the inclosure, asked some of the attendants in
the dressing-room if they had seen a boy on crutches, and then he went
into Mr. Treat's tent. But he could neither hear nor see anything of
Abner, whose complete disappearance was, to say the least, very strange.

Toby was completely bewildered by this event, and for some minutes he
stood looking at the place where he had left his friend, as if he
thought that his eyes must have deceived him, and that the boy was still
there.

There were but few persons around the outside of the tent, those who had
money enough to pay for their admission having gone in, and those who
were penniless having gone home, so that Toby did not find many of whom
to make inquiries. The people belonging to the circus were busily
engaged in making ready for the night's journey, and a number had
gathered around one of the wagons a short distance away. But Toby
thought it useless to ask them for tidings of his missing friend, for
he knew by experience how busy every one connected with the circus was
at that hour.

After he had stood for some time looking helplessly at the tent rope
against which he had seen Abner leaning, he went into the tent again for
the purpose of getting Uncle Daniel to help him in the search. As he was
passing the monkey wagon, however, he saw old Ben--whom he had left
apparently in a heavy sleep--examining his wagon to make sure that
everything was right, and to him he told the story of Abner's strange
disappearance.

"I guess he's gone off with some of the other fellows," said Ben,
thinking the matter of but little importance, but yet going out of the
tent with Toby as he spoke. "Boys are just like eels, an' you never know
where to find 'em after you once let 'em slip through your fingers."

"But Abner promised me he'd stay right here," said Toby.

"Well, some other fellows came along, an' he promised to go with them, I
s'pose."

"But I don't believe Abner would; he'd keep his promise after he made
it."

While they were talking they had gone out of the tent, and Ben started
at once toward the crowd around the wagon, for he knew there was no
reason why so many men should be there when they had work to do
elsewhere.

"Did you go over there to see what was up?" asked the old driver.

"No; I thought they were getting ready to start, an' I could see Abner
wasn't there."

"Something's the matter," muttered the old man, as he quickened his
pace, and Toby, alarmed by the look on his friend's face, hurried on,
hardly daring to breathe.

One look into the wagon around which the men were gathered was
sufficient to show why it was that Abner had not remained by the tent as
he had promised, for he lay in the bottom of the cart, to all
appearances dead, while two of the party were examining him to learn the
extent of his injuries.

[Illustration: "'WHAT IS THE MATTER? HOW DID THIS BOY GET HURT?' ASKED
BEN."]

"What is the matter? How did this boy get hurt?" asked Ben, sternly, as
he leaped upon the wagon, and laid his hand over the injured boy's
heart.

"He was standing there close by the guy ropes when we were getting ready
to let the canvas down. One of the side poles fell and struck him on the
head, or shoulder, I don't know which," replied a man.

"It struck him here on the back of the neck," said one of those who were
examining the boy, as he turned him half over to expose an ugly-looking
wound around which the blood was rapidly settling. "It's a wonder it
didn't kill him."

"He ain't dead, is he?" asked Toby, piteously, as he climbed up on one
of the wheels, and looked over in a frightened way at the little
deformed body that lay so still and lifeless.

"No, he ain't dead," said Ben, who had detected a faint pulsation of the
heart; "but why didn't some of you send for a doctor when it first
happened?"

"We did," replied one of the men. "Some of the village boys were here,
and we started them right off."

Almost as the man spoke, Dr. Abbott, one of the physicians of the town,
drove up, and made his way through the crowd.

Toby, too much alarmed to speak, watched the doctor's every movement as
he made an examination of the wounded boy, and listened to the accounts
the men gave of the way in which the accident had happened.

"His injuries are not necessarily fatal, but they are very dangerous. He
lives at the poor-farm, and should be taken there at once," said the
doctor, after he had made a slight and almost careless examination.

Toby was anxious that the poor boy should be taken to his home rather
than to the comfortless place the doctor had proposed; but he did not
dare make the suggestion before asking Uncle Daniel's consent to it. He
was about to ask them not to move Abner until he could find his uncle,
when Ben whispered something to the doctor that caused him to look at
the old stage-driver in surprise.

"I'll ask Uncle Dan'l to take him home with us," said Toby, as he
slipped down from his high perch, and started toward the tent.

"I'll take care of that," said Ben, as he went toward the tent with him.
"I had just fixed it with your uncle so's he'd take Abner from the
poor-farm an' board him, an' now there's all the more reason why he
should do it. You go back an' stay with Abner, an' I'll bring your uncle
Dan'l out."

Then Toby went back to the wagon, where the poor little cripple still
lay as one dead, while the blood flowed in a tiny stream from one of his
arms, where the physician had opened a vein.

Not understanding the reason for this blood-letting, and supposing that
the crimson now was due to the injuries Abner had received, Toby cried
out in fear; but one of the men explained the case to him, and then he
waited as patiently as possible for the driver's return.

Both Uncle Daniel and Aunt Olive came out with Ben, and within a very
few moments Abner was being carried to the farm-house, in the same wagon
that had taken him there before in company with the skeleton and his
party for that famous dinner.

It frightened Toby still more to see the unconscious boy carried into
the house by Ben and the doctor as though he were already dead; and when
Aunt Olive led them into the best room, where no one had slept since
Uncle Daniel's sister died, it seemed as if every one believed Abner
could not live, or they would not have carried him there.

Toby hardly knew when Ben went away, or whether he said anything before
he left, or, in fact, anything else, so sad and confused was he. He did
not even think about Mr. Stubbs's brother, but remained in one corner of
the room, almost hidden by one of the flowing chintz curtains, until
Uncle Daniel heard him sobbing, and came and led him away.

"There is good reason to hope Abner will recover," said the old man, as
he stroked Toby's hair; "but he is in the keeping of the One who never
errs, and whatsoever He does is good."

Then Uncle Daniel actually kissed the boy, as he told him to go to bed
and go to sleep. Toby went to bed as he was commanded, though it seemed
impossible he should sleep while Abner might be dying.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




THE BOYHOOD OF WILLIAM CHAMBERS.


Boys and girls who can buy HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE every week for four
cents, and other periodicals and books almost as cheap, can have very
little notion of the difficulty that little folk had seventy or eighty
years ago in getting something to read. It was only fifty years ago,
indeed, that the first efforts were made to supply cheap, instructive,
and entertaining literature, and one of the men who made those efforts
is still living in Scotland. Mr. William Chambers, who is now eighty-two
years of age, has lately published a little account of his life, and
what he has to tell of his boyhood and youth is very interesting.

His father was unfortunate in business, and became so poor that young
Chambers had to begin making his own way very early in life. He had
little schooling--only six pounds' (thirty dollars) worth in all, he
tells us--and as there were no juvenile books or periodicals in those
days, and no books of any other kind, except costly ones, it was hard
for him to do much in the way of educating himself. But William
Chambers meant to learn all that he could, and that determination
counted for a good deal. There was a small circulating library in his
native town, and he began by reading each volume straight through,
without skipping one. Then he got hold of a copy of the _Encyclopædia
Britannica_, which most boys would regard as very dry reading. He read
it carefully. When that was done, young Chambers was really pretty well
educated, although he did not know it.

About this time the boy had to go to work for his living. He became an
apprentice to a bookseller in Edinburgh. His wages were only four
shillings (about a dollar) a week, and on that small sum he had to
support himself, paying for food, lodging, clothes, and everything else,
for five years. "It was a hard but somewhat droll scrimmage with
semi-starvation," he says; for after paying for his lodgings and
clothes, he had only about seven cents a day with which to buy his food.

In the summer he jumped out of bed at five o'clock every morning, and
spent the time before the hour for beginning business in reading and
making electrical experiments. He studied French in that way too, and on
Sundays carried a French Testament to church, and read in French what
the minister read in English.

Winter came on, and the poor lad was puzzled. It was not only cold, but
entirely dark at five o'clock in the morning during the winter months,
and William, who had only seven cents a day to buy food with, could not
afford either a fire or a candle to read by. There was no other time of
day, however, that he could call his own, and so it seemed that he must
give up his reading altogether, which was a great grief to the ambitious
lad.

Just then a piece of good luck befell him. He happened to know what is
called a "sandwich man"--that is to say, a man who walks about with
signs hanging behind and before him. One day this man made him a
proposition. The sandwich man knew a baker who, with his two sons,
carried on a small business in a cellar. The baker was fond of reading,
but had no time for it, and as he and his sons had to bake their bread
early in the morning, he proposed, through the sandwich man, to employ
William Chambers as reader. His plan was that Chambers should go to the
cellar bakery every morning at five o'clock, and read to the bakers, and
for this service he promised to give the boy one hot roll each morning.
Here was double good fortune. It enabled Chambers to go on with his
reading by the baker's light and fire, and it secured for him a
sufficient breakfast without cost.

He accepted the proposition at once, and for two and a half hours every
morning he sat on a flour sack in the cellar, and read to the bakers by
the light of a penny candle stuck in a bottle.

Out of his small wages it was impossible for the boy to save anything,
and so when the five years of his apprenticeship ended, he had only five
shillings in the world. Yet he determined to begin business at once on
his own account. Getting credit for ten pounds' worth of books, he
opened a little stall, and thus began what has since grown to be a great
publishing business.

He had a good deal of unoccupied time at his stall, and "in order to
pick up a few shillings," as he says, he began to write out neat copies
of poems for albums. Finding sale for these, he determined to enlarge
that part of his business by printing the poems. For that purpose he
bought a small and very "squeaky" press and a font of worn type which
had been used for twenty years. He had to teach himself how to set the
type, and as his press would print only half a sheet at a time, it was
very slow work; but he persevered, and gradually built up a little
printing business in connection with his bookselling. After a while he
published an edition of Burns's poems, setting the type, printing the
pages, and binding the books with his own hands, and clearing eight
pounds by the work.

Chambers wrote a good deal at that time, and his brother Robert wrote
still more, so that they were at once authors, printers, publishers, and
booksellers, but all in a very small way. After ten years of this work,
William Chambers determined to publish a cheap weekly periodical, to be
filled with entertaining and instructive matters, designed especially
for the people who could not afford to buy expensive books and
periodicals. Robert refused to join in this scheme, and so for a time
the whole work and risk fell upon William. His friends all agreed in
thinking that ruin would be the result, but William Chambers thought he
knew what the people wanted, and hence he went on.

The result soon justified his expectations. The first number was
published on the 4th of February, 1832. Thirty thousand copies were sold
in a few days, and three weeks later the sale rose to fifty thousand
copies a week.




THE CHILDREN'S DAY.


The children of the city of Brooklyn, Long Island, are fortunate in
having a day of their own when they have the right of way. The schools,
public and private, are closed, and some of the finest streets are given
up to the little folk on the day of the annual Sunday-school parade.

For weeks before May 24 bright eyes were wide with pleasure whenever the
"Anniversary" was mentioned. In the various schools special songs were
practiced, and mothers, whether rich or poor, were very busy at home in
making the pretty dresses and suits which were to be worn on the
occasion. At last the time drew near.

Then the little hearts had only one anxiety--the weather. Would it rain?
Would it be clear? Oh, how many little people spelled slowly through the
newspaper reports the day before, and lisped their opinions about the
probabilities! The joy was great when the sun rose on Wednesday, and the
sky was as blue and soft as if it had just been swept free of cloudy
cobwebs on purpose for the Brooklyn procession.

At 11 A.M. the City Hall bell pealed out grandly, and its tones were
answered by church bells all over the city. There was a perfect chorus
of chimes.

Noon had scarcely struck when the pavements were thronged with boys and
girls hastening to their several schools. There the exercises consisted
of addresses and music. As soon as these were ended, the parade began.
There were 60,000 children in movement at once through the beautiful
tree-shaded avenues: 112 Sunday-schools took part, arranged in seven
divisions. They marched, with banners flying, to the music of military
bands, which played their most triumphant strains. Mottoes, emblems,
flowers, white dresses, rainbow ribbons, floating curls, and cheerful
faces altogether made a pageant which it did tired people good to see.
Twenty-three schools formed the Prospect Park division.

The Park itself had been dressed by nature in the brightest of green and
the loveliest of early-blooming shrubs. The long meadow with its velvet
sward was staked off for the children's evolutions, and protected from
the crowd by genial policemen. On the grand stand sat his Honor the
Mayor, and with him were a number of clergymen, and persons of official
dignity.

Brooklyn has been called the City of Churches. She might be styled the
City of the Innocents, so many lovely little ones does she gather every
year at her wonderful May Anniversary.

When the march was ended, the scholars returned to their places of
meeting, where they were feasted on cake and ice-cream before going to
their homes.

No doubt some of them were a little weary, but not too much so to
prevent their sleeping sweetly after their happy day.

[Illustration: THE CHILDREN'S DAY--FIFTY-THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF THE
BROOKLYN SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION.]




HOW DOLLY BEAT THE HUNTERS.

BY PROFESSOR FRED MYRON COLBY.


"Charley, it's time to go after the cows," said Farmer Goodwin to his
oldest boy, one summer day, near evening.

"I'm off, father," replied Charley, a bright little fellow of eleven,
and whistling to Tiger, a large brindled mastiff, he was soon marching
toward the pasture with the dog at his heels.

This was ninety years ago very nearly, and the place was near the
historic mountain of Kearsarge, in central New Hampshire. Moses Goodwin
was one of the early settlers of that region, and his cabin stood far up
the cleared slope of the mountain, on a fertile ridge of land, where the
fields of corn were ripening for the harvest.

The sides of the mountain were covered with thick forests, even as they
are to-day, affording excellent haunts for the wild animals of the
latitude. The bark of the wolf, the screech of the cougar, and the growl
of the bear were well-known sounds to most of the early settlers.
Indeed, it was no uncommon thing for the families of the pioneers to be
awakened at night by the fierce chorus of wild beasts around their
cabins.

There were large State bounties on all of these animals, and after a few
years their numbers began to diminish. At the time of our story it was
very seldom that a bear or a panther was seen about the settlement. If
now and then a farmer lost a fine sheep or a favorite calf, it was no
more than was expected. Farmer Goodwin had himself lost that very autumn
a valuable young heifer, which was supposed to have been carried off by
a bear. None of the other settlers had lost any of their stock, and it
was supposed that the animal had left the neighborhood.

Charley was gone longer than usual after the cows on the evening in
question. His parents began to feel uneasy at his protracted absence.

"It's time he should be here," said the farmer. "The stock must have
wandered farther than usual."

"I am afraid something has happened to him," observed Mrs. Goodwin, her
fair face growing a shade paler at the thought of her boy's danger.
"Perhaps he's met a bear or a panther."

"There he is now, all right, I guess," exclaimed the husband, as he
heard the cattle going into the barn. "I'll go out and help him turn
them in."

As he opened the door, in rushed Tiger, uttering fearful moans, and
shaking like an aspen leaf. The mastiff was in a terrible condition. His
brindled hide was all covered with blood, and there were torn places and
gaping wounds on his neck and shoulders, showing conclusively that he
had been engaged in a fight with some powerful animal. Mrs. Goodwin sat
down, white and faint, in a chair.

"Charley is dead. I know he is. The beast has killed my boy. Oh, what
shall I do?" she sobbed, half frantic in her grief.

"Be calm, mother," said the settler. "I don't believe it's as bad as
that. The creature attacked the dog. Perhaps Charley is hiding
somewhere. I'll get Neighbor Savary to go with me, and we'll see if he
can't be found."

He lit a candle and placed it in an old tin lantern, and went to the
house of his next-door neighbor. Together the two men followed the path
to the pasture, and searched that inclosure all over; but they were
unable to find any trace of the boy.

Once or twice they stopped and called his name, but there was no answer.
As they were passing through the thick underbrush by the banks of the
brook, a fierce scream stayed their steps. There was the sound of a
large body tearing through the shrubbery, and by the light of their
lantern they saw the fierce beast spring up into a tree and begin
tearing the bark with its claws.

"It's a painter, sure enough," said Goodwin's neighbor. "We'd better
start for the house, seeing as how we ain't armed."

"And must I go home without my boy? How can I? It will kill my poor
wife."

"It's the only thing left us. There, the painter's going away. It's
useless to stand here any longer."

The beast was heard moving off; and they turned sadly toward home.

On the following morning a large company of men and boys, neighboring
settlers, were gathered with their dogs and guns around Goodwin's cabin
door. The news of Charley's disappearance and of a panther in the
neighborhood had spread like wildfire through the settlement. It was
determined to hunt the monster to the death.

The excited party started at once, dividing into two companies, each
under an experienced hunter. It was thought by this method that the
panther would have fewer chances of escaping, and be brought to bay with
more dispatch than if the hunters marched all in one body.

Far up on the mountain the hounds took the scent and dashed away,
followed by the hunters. But away to the left, on another ridge of the
mountains, was heard the bay of the pack belonging to the other
division. Still the enthusiasm of the settlers was not cooled. At noon
the two parties met on the other side of the mountain. A light lunch was
eaten, and then they started on the homeward track. Nothing had been
seen of the panther.

On the Warner side of the mountain, late in the afternoon, the hounds of
one of the parties made a great outcry. It was in a swamp, not far from
the Goodwin pasture. The men hurried to the spot, jumping stones and
bushes and the trunks of fallen trees in their haste. They met the dogs
coming back. Two of them had bloody muzzles, and bore hideous wounds on
their bodies.

"The dogs have had hold of something, and something has had hold of
them," said one of the men, quaintly. "It's a painter's work; I know the
marks of their claws."

The hunters went through the swamp cautiously. The dogs would not go
back again. No trace of the panther was found. Disappointed and weary,
they proceeded down the mountain toward the settlement.

"What is that?" asked one of the men, suddenly.

A sound like that of some one shouting was plainly heard. They all
stopped to listen. The shout was repeated, and was not far off.

"It's my boy! It's Charley's voice!" cried Goodwin. "He must be alive,"
and he rushed in the direction of the sound.

At the foot of the hill before spoken of, in Goodwin's pasture, there
was a large ledge of rocks. Toward that the party hastened.

"Charley! Charley! where are you?" shouted the pioneer.

"Here I am," replied the little fellow--"down here in the rock. I can't
get up."

Several of the party had already mounted the ledge, and they now saw
what was the matter. There was a crevice or crack running through the
rock from top to bottom, all the way from a foot to a foot and a half in
width. Into this fissure the boy had fallen, and as the sides were steep
and smooth, he could not possibly climb out. A hazel withe was cut, and
one end given him, and he was speedily drawn to the surface.

"How came you in there, Charley?" asked his father.

"I fell in," answered the boy. "I was out there under that maple when
the panther jumped on to Tige. I ran to the top of this rock, and
stumbling, fell down in there. The panther came several times and tried
to reach me, but he couldn't. Oh, I'm so tired and hungry!"

"We'll be at home soon," said his father. "Your mother will be looking
for you."

They hastened toward the cabin with eager footsteps, and soon met the
other party, who were returning from a fruitless search for boy or
panther. Just then the report of a gun was heard at the settlement.

"What does that mean?" asked a brawny pioneer.

"I don't know," answered Goodwin. "Something must be the matter."

The party hastened their steps to a run.

       *       *       *       *       *

At the close of the long afternoon, Dolly Goodwin, a girl of about
sixteen, had gone out to do the milking. The cows had not been turned to
pasture that day, but had been kept in an inclosure near the barn, shut
in by a stone wall eight feet high.

Her mother had objected to Dolly's doing this. "Father will be at home
soon," she said, "and there will be time enough then."

But Dolly, who was a busy little body, insisted. "If you are afraid for
me, I will take my gun. You won't have to worry then. The cows really
ought to be milked, for it's almost dark. Besides, Brindle and Loo like
me."

The girl took down a small, pretty musket from its place over the deer
antlers; it was her own, purchased the year before from her own savings.

The yard seemed a safe, cozy place, and Dolly felt like smiling at her
mother's fears as she sat down on a stool and began milking one of the
gentle, mild-eyed animals that were complacently chewing their cuds. She
had one of the pails about filled, when there was a sudden disturbance
among the horned inmates of the inclosure.

Dolly rose to her feet and gazed around, grasping her musket in both
hands. We can see how she looked--a thin slip of a girl, with bare feet
and ankles, a gown of linsey-woolsey, her gingham bonnet thrown back
from her curls, and hanging to her neck by its fastened strings. The red
in her cheeks and the flash in her eye made her look very charming.

Her quick eye soon caught a glance of a lithe, cat-like animal creeping
stealthily along the high stone wall. Its glaring eyes, the long
undulating tail, and the tawny-colored hide told well enough the
character of the intruder. She knew it was a panther.

Dolly's heart rose into her throat, and for a moment, as she said
afterward, she thought she should run as poor Brindle had done. But she
was a pioneer girl, strong and healthy, and her nerves were soon under
control. She raised her weapon to her shoulder, and levelled it full at
the tawny breast of the crouching panther.

Her aim was taken instantly. She saw the greenish eyes glitter, and the
long tail lash the wall excitedly. The next moment the savage beast
sprang toward her. At the same moment her finger pressed the trigger.

She knew no more until she heard the baying of hounds and the loud cries
of the returning hunters. Her father opened the heavy wooden gate, and
came in where she was leaning half faint against the wall.

"I am all right now, father," said Dolly, in reply to his anxious
interrogation, "but I was kind of sick like a while ago."

She still looked very pale.

"The girl has beat the hull of us!" cried a rough pioneer. "It's the
very beast we were arter. See, there's the marks of the hounds' teeth.
Well, it's saved us a journey to-morrow; that's a comfort. But you beat
the dickens, Dolly, you do."

They all crowded around, offering congratulations, and for weeks
afterward her exploit was the talk of the neighborhood.

The panther proved on measurement to be one of the largest of its kind;
lacking only an inch of being seven feet in length, including its tail.
The State bounty was forty dollars. This sum, with what she realized
from its skin, made Dolly quite a rich young lady for those times.




ROBIN GOODFELLOW.

BY ELLA RODMAN CHURCH.


"Once upon a time, a great while agoe," begins a strange fairy tale that
was written in the days of bad spelling, "there was wont to walke many
harmlesse spirits called fayries, dancing in brave order in fayry rings
on greene hills with sweete musicke (sometimes invisible), in divers
shapes; and many mad prankes would they play."

It was at this time that a mischievous imp, named Robin Goodfellow, who
was half fairy and half human being, was going about from place to
place, sometimes doing good-natured things, but often bent only on
mischief.

All sorts of queer stories were told of him; and when anything happened
that people couldn't understand, they were sure to say, "It's some trick
of Robin Goodfellow's." When he was only six years old, the neighbors
complained of him to his mother for tormenting their very lives out
whenever her back was turned. Finally he was threatened with a whipping,
and to escape this punishment Robin ran away.

After travelling a long distance from home he met a tailor, who engaged
him as an apprentice. For a time he behaved himself very well. But
finally his love of mischief got the better of him, and he was at his
old tricks again.

One day his master had a gown to make for a woman, and it must be
finished that night; they both sat up late to work on it, and by twelve
o'clock it was finished all but putting in the sleeves. The tailor was
very sleepy, and said that he would go to bed. He told Robin to "whip on
the sleeves," and then follow him. Robin said that he would, and as soon
as his master had disappeared, he hung up the gown and whipped it most
severely with the sleeves.

When the tailor came down in the morning, he found him still busy at
this work, and asked him what he was doing.

"What you bade me," was the reply--"whipping on the sleeves."

"You rogue!" exclaimed his master: "I meant that you should have set
them on quickly and slightly."

"I wish you had said so," rejoined Robin, "for then I need not have lost
all this sleep."

The tailor was obliged to finish the work himself; but before he could
get through, the woman came for her gown, and scolded because it was not
ready. Hoping to soften her wrath by offering her some refreshment,
Robin's master told him to bring the remnants they left yesterday. The
tailor had reference to some cold meat; but the mischievous apprentice
brought down the remnants of cloth left of the gown, which the tailor
had intended to keep. The man turned pale; but the woman declared that
she liked this breakfast better than the other, and sent Robin to get
some wine. He never came back.

One day Robin had made a long journey, when he became so tired that he
sat down by the road and fell asleep. Here he had a wonderful dream, in
which troops of fairies danced about him to the sound of sweet music.
Among them was King Oberon, who laid a scroll beside him, which was
there when he awoke. On the scroll it was written that he was the Fairy
King's son, that every wish of his should be granted, that he should
have the power of turning himself into any shape he pleased, and that
one day he should be taken to Fairy-land--on condition that he played
tricks only on those who deserved them:

  "But love then those that honest be,
  And help them in necessity.
  Doe thus, and all the world shall know
  The pranks of Robin Goodfellow."

On reading this document, Robin was much delighted, and began at once to
try his power. As he was tired, he wished himself a horse, and found
himself leaping and curvetting as nimbly as though he had just come out
of the best of stables. Then he tried being a dog, then a tree, and at
last he was quite satisfied that he could do or be anything he pleased.

After this his pranks were worse than ever, but he obeyed his father's
instructions, and harmed only vicious and idle and cross-grained people.

One day in crossing a field he met a rude fellow, to whom he said:
"Friend, what is a clock?"--the style then of asking the time.

But the other chose to reply, churlishly, "I owe thee not so much
service, but because thou shalt think thyself beholden to me, know that
it is the same time of the day as it was yesterday at this time."

Then Robin resolved to amuse himself with this man, who was going
further on to catch a horse that was at grass; and he turned himself
into a bird to watch him. The horse was wild, and ran away over hedge
and ditch, and the man after him as well, as he could. Presently Robin
thought of taking the shape of the horse, and came near enough to let
the churl get on his back. Then he stumbled, and hurled his rider to the
ground. Robin allowed him to mount again, but only to throw him off in
the middle of a large pond. Then, in the shape of a fish, he swam
ashore, and laughed maliciously, "Ho, ho, hoh," leaving the poor man
half drowned. It is to be hoped that this lesson in manners did the
clown good.

Robin had more amiable moments; and often at night he would visit
farmers' houses and help the maids to break hemp, to bolt, to dress
flax, to spin, and do other work, for he was "excellent in everything."

Night was his favorite time for jokes, and he would sometimes walk
abroad with a broom on his shoulder, and cry, "Chimney-sweep!" But when
any one called him, he ran away laughing, "Ho, ho, hoh." Sometimes he
would pretend to be a beggar in distress, and beg most pitifully; but
when they came to give him alms, he would cheat them in the same way.
Then again he would sing at a door after the fashion of wandering
minstrels, and when people came to pay him, there was nothing left of
his song but "Ho, ho, hoh."

King Oberon sometimes called his son to Fairy-land on nightly visits. He
was summoned, to dance in the fairies' ring, by a shrill, sweet pipe,
blown by little Tom Thumb, the order having been given,

  "Whene'er you heare my piper blow,
  From thy bed see thou goe."

At last he was taken to dwell there altogether, and the world was rid of
the pranks of Robin Goodfellow.




A KETTLE-HOLDER.

BY MRS. T. W. DEWING.


Kettle-holders are things that must be in every household, and there is
nothing that ingenious little fingers can spend their time upon to a
better advantage in the days when they are too young to undertake more
elaborate and difficult fancy-work. Here is a design that can be easily
worked, and will be sure to please mamma if it is only carefully put
together, and all the stitches neatly taken.

[Illustration]

Cut the four leaves of the clover, from grayish-green cloth or flannel,
and baste them on a ground of pink cloth, as shown in the design. Sew
them fast with a fine button-hole stitch. Make the ribs of the leaves,
the stem, the little white triangular-shaped marking in the centre of
the upper edge of the leaf, and the white crescent on the lower part of
the leaf, also the four little white stems that join the four leaves
together, in chain stitch of white saddler's silk.

Let the border be of pink silk several shades paler than the pink
ground. Sew it to the main part by over-handing it neatly on the wrong
side. Work the horseshoes in the corners in chain stitch with gray
saddler's silk. Represent the nails by gold beads, which must be tightly
sewed on. Line the back with green flannel, turning in the edges, and
hemming it very neatly. The lining at the back should always be a
little--a very little--smaller and tighter than the front, or, as the
holder is constantly bent, the lining becomes loose and baggy.




[Illustration]

THE PRISONER AT THE BAR.


  "Stand up at the bar," cried the Justice severe.
  "And what you can say I will patiently hear;
  But you have been brought here so often before
  That I fear it will be the old story once more.

  "Stop! You needn't repeat that you couldn't find work.
  For I know you quite well for a tramp and a shirk;
  You sneak round the farm-houses begging for bread,
  And will rob even those by whose hands you are fed.

  "For a stout hearty fellow like you it's a shame
  To take the alms due to the sick or the lame;
  But to steal from the kind ones who pity your case,
  I must punish severely a meanness so base."

  "Well, your Honor, I've nothing to say, for I see
  That nothing will change your opinion of me;
  I suppose you will tell me, as often before,
  That I must be sent to the tread-mill once more."

  "You take the words out of my mouth," said the Judge;
  "You are sentenced a month on the tread-mill to trudge;
  And when your tramp's over, perhaps you will feel
  That it's better to work at the plough than the wheel.

  "For good honest labor will bring its reward,
  While the way of the idle and vicious is hard;
  And 'tis better in youth to this precept to hold
  Than have to confess it when hardened and old."




[Illustration: OUR POST-OFFICE BOX.]


I wonder if all the young people are as glad as I am that June has come
again? You know the poet says:

  "What is so rare as a day in June?
    Then, if ever, come perfect days.
  When heaven tries the earth if it be in tune,
    And softly above it her warm ear lays."

Some of you are studying hard in these bright hours, so that you may be
ready for examination. I hope you have been so faithful all the term
that you will not need what some students call cramming to make you
successful now. Others of my boys and girls are busy with their roses
and honeysuckles. My thanks to the dear little hands that have gathered
wild flowers for me.

You must tell us about your summer pleasures, children, and if anybody
meets with an adventure, remember that Our Post-office Box would like to
hear about it.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NEW YORK CITY.

     I am a little girl nearly seven years old. We have no live pets in
     the city, but my little sister Anna and I have fourteen dolls. I am
     thankful to say they are very healthy; none of them have had the
     mumps or _cook_ing-cough, as my little sister calls it. In the
     summer we all go to Long Island. There we have a pony, two cows,
     one calf, two cats, a kitten, and some chickens. We have great fun
     bathing. I am writing this myself, and if you think it is nice
     enough to print, I shall be the proudest little girl in New York
     city.

  HELEN B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  HENRY COUNTY, VIRGINIA.

     I've been a reader of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE quite two years, but
     have seen no letter as yet from here, therefore I'll write at least
     one from this mountainous part of the State. My country home is in
     sight of the Blue Ridge, and one can get a distinct, grand view of
     some of its peaks a mile from our home. No one of your little girl
     subscribers enjoys the Post-office Box more than myself. In fact,
     both big and little folks here appreciate and read most of Harper's
     publications. I wish everybody who lives in low flat countries
     could at least visit our mountains, and our State's
     greatest, curiosity, the Natural Bridge, in Rockbridge County; it is
     worth a trip to Virginia just to see that wonderful work of nature.
     But I must not write too long a letter, for fear you'll not find
     space to publish it; so I'll close by stating that I'm the youngest
     of twelve children. With best wishes for our dear kind
     Postmistress,

  MAGGIE S.

The Postmistress returns heartily the love of all the dear girls and
boys who send her their pleasant messages. She has visited your lovely
mountain land, Maggie, and it is her opinion that you can not praise its
beauty too highly.

       *       *       *       *       *

  KING GEORGE COUNTY, VIRGINIA.

     I am ten years old. I have one brother and three sisters. I have a
     cow and a calf. We have a play store; we make wooden dollies and
     many other things to sell. We have a dog and a cat. The dog's name
     is Trip, and the cat's Tiger. There is a little bird that comes
     down by the door, and we give him crumbs; he is real tame. I used
     to have a pet rooster, but papa sold him. He would fly up on my
     shoulder, and when he saw any one with a pan he would fly in it. I
     will tell you about a squirrel that lives in a very large hollow
     hickory-tree back of our house. He is so cunning! He comes out on
     the side of the tree and chatters at us, and the dog and cat try to
     catch him, but he is too sharp for that. He comes and steals
     walnuts from our store-house, and carries some to his tree. We have
     two small mules; I love to ride on their backs.

  EMMA F. B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  DURBIN, DAKOTA TERRITORY.

     I am a little boy thirteen years old, and I live on my father's
     farm, one-half mile from Durbin, in the celebrated Red River
     Valley, about six miles from the world-renowned Dalrymple Farms.
     Our house stands on the high beautiful banks of the Maple River.

     Two months ago my sister and two brothers and myself were taken
     sick with diphtheria. I haven't been able to walk since. My little
     brother Allie died. I want to tell you what the sweet little boy
     said when he was sick--he did not like to take his medicine; and
     mamma said to him, "Allie, take it to please mamma," and then he
     took it; and a little while after mamma heard him say, in his
     sleep, "I will take it to please mamma." The last time he took his
     wine he said to papa, "Papa, I will never take it again." He was
     five years old, and could read and spell, and count up to one
     hundred without missing, and we never tried to teach him; he
     learned it all himself from hearing us. I have taken YOUNG PEOPLE
     from the first number. I could not live without it.

     Please print this, as I am unable to walk, and have little to amuse
     me.

  LYNN C. M.

What a sweet memory you have of the dear patient little brother, who was
so ready to please his mamma, even when in pain!

I hope, as the summer days bring their pleasures, you will grow strong
again, and be able not only to walk, but to run and jump as boys like
to.

       *       *       *       *       *

There will be a general clapping of hands when the Cot report is read
this month. Here is a letter, which everybody will enjoy, from a friend
who has the Cot on her mind all the time:

     I am certain a great many of our young readers, when they see the
     Cot acknowledgments, will exclaim, "My! how did we get so much
     money all at once?" I don't wonder at your surprise; I am sure I was
     surprised when I heard the good news. Well, that $550 which you see
     put down as the result of a fair is what did the work. Sometimes in
     reading our fund column I have wondered why so few names from New
     York city appeared among our contributors; the greater part of the
     work before has been done in the East, West, or South. But now New
     York city has stepped up bravely to the front, and is worthy of
     great praise. Four little girls living here, namely, Madeline
     Satterlee, Helen Manice, Gertrude Parsons, and Mamie W. Aldrich,
     formed a club in Lent, and worked for this fair, and earnest
     workers they must have been. The fair was held April 22, in the
     Sunday-school room of Zion Church, Thirty-eighth Street, New York,
     which was kindly lent for the purpose. Of course I was at the fair,
     and a very pretty one it was. I only wish more people could have
     known about it, and have been there to encourage these little girls
     in their good work. Very busy they all looked, waiting on the
     tables. They had a fish pond and a large red grab-bag, both of
     which took in quite a sum of money; and I am sure these little
     workers must have felt very proud, and well repaid for any
     self-denial they had practiced, when they handed in to our
     treasurer the large sum you see acknowledged to-day. Now don't you
     think it would be a good plan if all the boys and girls who are
     well-wishers of our Fund--and I am sure they are many--would work
     hard this summer, while away in the country, or at home, and try
     and make the amount up to $1500? That would be just half the amount
     needed, and how fast we could go on next winter! You would have to
     raise $345.56, and that is not such a large sum among a great many.
     Some, like these four little New York girls, could hold a fair or
     festival at some of the summer resorts; others could pick and sell
     berries. There are many ways in which the little hands and feet
     could earn the pennies for our fund. Do not be disheartened at
     small results, but remember that every effort you make, if in
     earnest, helps both yourselves and the Cot fund.

     I wonder if some of you are not curious to know where your money
     goes while waiting for the rest of the $3000. If any of you have
     ever gone in the Sixth Avenue cars, New York, past Waverley Place,
     you may have observed a large building on the southwest corner,
     with "Greenwich Bank" upon it in large letters; our treasurer wants
     me to tell you that she puts your money there; and, if I am not
     mistaken, some of these days you will see in our acknowledgment,
     "Interest from Greenwich Bank," which means that the bank pays you
     so much money for leaving your money with it. If you will ask your
     papas, I am sure they will tell you that it could not be in a
     better place. So you see what a good treasurer we have to take care
     of our money.

     In saying good-by I must add that I think you have all done very
     well so far in our good work. The year will not be up until next
     month, and we have passed "the place in the mountains where we can
     look back and see one-third of our journey accomplished."

  So to our helpers,
    Great and small,
  Thanks we send
    For one and all.

  AUNT EDNA.
  NEW YORK, _June_, 1882.


       *       *       *       *       *

  ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI.

     As this is one of the large cities in the Union, I thought if no
     one else would sustain its credit I would. On the 5th of May we had
     a big hail-storm. In 1872 we had a hall-storm when the hail was
     about the size of a hazel-nut; but in this one the smallest stones
     I saw were that size. Most of them, however, were about the size of
     walnuts. I saw quite a number as large as a section of an egg, and
     one or two almost as large as my fist. Now I am afraid you will
     think that I have exaggerated, but it is true. I have heard a
     number of persons, including a very old lady, say that they have
     seen a number of stones frozen together, but never before such
     large single ones. The storm lasted for a full half-hour, hailing
     constantly. A great deal of damage was done to churches and public
     buildings especially. Branches of trees, bushes, and vines were cut
     off as smoothly as if done with a knife. One man went out to the
     gutter to pick up an extra large hail-stone, when another one hit
     him so forcibly on the back of the neck that he fell down on his
     hands and knees. I would have sent you one of the stones, but as
     such things can not be telegraphed, I could not do so.

  MALCOLM P.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BINGHAMTON, NEW YORK.

     I have written one letter before, and have not seen it in the
     paper, so I thought I would write again. I am taking HARPER'S YOUNG
     PEOPLE for the third year. I like "Toby Tyler" very much, and "Mr.
     Stubbs's Brother" still better. I saw some real prairie-dogs not
     long ago. They don't look bigger than a good-sized rat. I am nine
     years old, but have only been at school a year, as I have always
     been sick. I am in the second grade, and study arithmetic, reading,
     language, and spelling. Shall be promoted next term.

     I have a little brother named Frankie. He is seven years old. Mamma
     and he and I live with grandpa, as our papa is dead. Frankie has a
     cat which had four kittens. They are all sorts of colors. I wish I
     could send you their pictures. They live in my old baby carriage. I
     made a little tent, not big enough to get under, that I could take
     down and put up as many times as I had a mind to, and to-day I
     broke it. Jumbo, that you have told us about, is coming here in
     August. I hope I shall see him. When I do, I'll write and tell you
     what I think of him. I just love him now. I can't think of any
     more. Good-by.

  EDDIE F.

Those little kittens are well off. Living in a baby carriage! Think of
such luxury! Do they have an afghan over them when they are chilly?

It is fun to make a tent large enough to accommodate two or three boys.
I think, if I were there, I could help you make one with two or three
poles, and a couple of old shawls or table-covers. Suppose you ask mamma
to help you do this?

       *       *       *       *       *

  FOREST, TEXAS.

     I am a little girl twelve years old, and live in the country. I
     have a kind uncle who sends me YOUNG PEOPLE. We have had plenty of
     strawberries this spring. I go to school, and am in Coins and
     Currency, and at play-time I have fine times playing croquet. We
     have a mocking-bird building in the garden. It sings all day. We
     had a fish-fry not long ago, and had as many fish as we wanted. It
     has been a very rainy season. I have a great many pretty flowers;
     the gladiolus is opening now. I am so glad when HARPER'S YOUNG
     PEOPLE comes. I like the story of "Talking Leaves" better than any
     other one.

  NINA M.

We planted our gladiolus bulbs the morning that Nina's letter arrived;
but the season is earlier in her Southern home than it is with us. Have
you magnolia-trees and pomegranate-bushes in your garden, Nina? How
charming it must be to hear the songs of the mocking-bird all day long!

       *       *       *       *       *

  NORWICH, CONNECTICUT.

     I must tell you about my pet which my uncle Frank brought me from
     California. It was a dear little horned toad. It was very
     affectionate, and had a soft yellow breast and two horns, one on
     each side of its head. I kept it in a big box of sand, and uncle
     called it Cutey, it was so cute. One day it was very cold, and
     Cutey shivered so I covered him up in the box, and put him on the
     register; then I went off, and forgot my poor little toad. When I
     came back my toad was dead, and I cried very hard, for I felt
     naughty to have forgotten my pet. I have some more pets, and some
     time I will tell you about them; but I am afraid this is too long.

  SUSIE.

What a pity it was, dear, that you forgot your pet! No wonder you cried.
I am sure you will never again forget one of the little creatures, which
are dependent on you for their comfort.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BRISTOL, ENGLAND.

     I have a very kind cousin who lives in Brooklyn, and sends me YOUNG
     PEOPLE. I am eight years old. I am very fond of reading the letters
     of children so many miles away from each other, and of hearing
     about their pets. I have a green parrot, but he is very spiteful.
     We have a gray cat, and if we stay upstairs beyond our time in the
     morning, she comes up and sits outside the door, and keeps mewing
     until I come out and speak to her. I have two sisters, one five,
     the other three. I have been learning to play the piano eighteen
     months; also my sister Lillie. We play several duets, and many
     pieces. I have to practice every evening, and then I have a good
     read from YOUNG PEOPLE. I like "The Cruise of the 'Ghost,'" "Tim
     and Tip," and "All-hallow Eve" very much indeed, and I am very much
     interested in "The Talking Leaves." My papa I have not seen in
     nearly four years. He is out in China. He was wrecked last July. He
     was chief officer of the _Anne S. Hall_, of Boston, which was lost
     in a typhoon. All hands were saved in a boat. I shall be very glad
     when I see him. I have been two years at school. I went to a
     pic-nic party to Lea Woods. We went through Nightingale Valley, and
     were really tired when we got to the top. The woods looked lovely
     with bluebells and violets. The primroses seemed to be all picked.

  PERCY T.

Well, Percy, I wish I were so near that I could tell whether you and
your little sister keep time in your duets. You must practice very
diligently, so that your music will delight your papa when he comes home
again. How much you must love him, all the more fondly because he was in
such peril on the ocean! I hope he will reach his children in safety.

Nightingale Valley is a beautiful name for a wood.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BROOKLYN, NEW YORK.

     I want to tell you about our cat, whose name is Miss Moll; my
     little brother named her, and he is three years old. Miss Moll
     trots all over the house, and when she wants to go out, she stands
     by the door and mews. When she wants to come in, she scratches at
     the door. She will lie down on her back, and play with any one's
     hand, although she is a middle-aged cat.

     We also have a dog, but he does not amount to much, except that he
     is a good watch-dog, and he belonged to my brother, who is now
     dead.

     I go to the public school, where I received a prize for writing and
     composition. (They don't give prizes as a general thing.) This is
     my first letter.

  GRACE I. T.

I am glad you were the fortunate little winner of a prize.

       *       *       *       *       *

  FREDERICK COUNTY, MARYLAND.

     As I have seen no letter from here, I thought I would write, and
     maybe you would publish it. I am a little girl eleven years old. I
     live in the country near Frederick city. I have a dear little
     brother; his name is Charley. He is a little naughty sometimes,
     though. Charley has three dogs--their names are Sport, Jack, and
     Butty--and he has a very pretty Alderney calf, also ducks and
     chickens. He is very kind to them. My aunt Kate gave me YOUNG
     PEOPLE for a Christmas gift. I like it very much. I have twelve
     little cousins; we go to school together, and have very nice times.
     I send my love to you, Mrs. Postmistress, and to all the little
     girls and boys.

  E. K. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

Exchanges are inserted without charge, but they must be brief. First
name what you have, and then state what you wish in return. Give your
address plainly, and in full, town, county, and State. Please write with
black ink.

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Y. P. R. U.

THE RAINBOW.--When the summer shower is passing away, and while the
thunder is still rolling among the hills, we have often seen the
rainbow. Every one admires the beautiful arch which spans the sky. It is
caused by the striking of the sun's rays upon the drops of water as they
fall from the clouds. These rays are twice refracted and once reflected
as they meet the transparent drops. If you look in the dictionary, you
will find that refracted means bent suddenly, and reflected means thrown
back. The colors of the rainbow are seven in number, and appear in the
following order: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The tints are most vivid when the background of clouds is darkest and
the drops of rain fall closest. The continual falling of the rain while
the sun shines produces a new rainbow every moment; and a curious thing
is that as each spectator sees it from a particular point of view,
strictly speaking no two persons see precisely the same rainbow. A
peculiar sacredness is attached to our thoughts of the rainbow on
account of the mention made of it in Genesis, when, after the deluge,
Noah saw its arch in the sky. How glad he must have been to view the sun
once more! Then God said, "I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be
for a token of a covenant between me and the earth." The story of the
rainbow, as the Bible tells it, is to be found in Genesis, ninth
chapter, from the eighth to the seventeenth verses.

       *       *       *       *       *

HATTIE C.--You are needlessly distressed at what you call your lack of
conversational powers. It is true that some people have the gift of
talking with ease, and that they are not embarrassed in the presence of
others. But any person of ordinary intelligence may learn to talk
brightly and pleasingly by simply taking pains to learn how. In the
first place, try to forget yourself. Do not fancy when you open your
lips that the lady opposite you on the sofa, or your neighbor at the
dinner table, is criticising or making fun of you. Well-bred and kindly
mannered people never do so. Have, in the second place, an idea of what
you wish to say. In the third and last place, be sure to tell your story
or give your opinion in the simplest language you can command. Never use
slang. To be a good listener is as great an accomplishment as to be a
bright talker. A young lady who listens intelligently, and with sympathy
in her looks, giving now and then a brief reply or a turn to the talk,
but not trying to lead it, or to be at all conspicuous, is sure of being
popular. Find out what your friends are interested in, and help them to
talk on their special subjects. Do not worry about the impression you
are making when in society, but let your great aim be to make the place
where you are as cheerful as possible.

       *       *       *       *       *

We would call the attention of the C. Y. P. R. U. this week to Mr.
Charles Barnard's article, "Wave and Sand," and to "The Boyhood of
William Chambers." The girls will be pleased with Mrs. Dewing's pretty
and artistic design for "A Kettle-Holder."

       *       *       *       *       *

YOUNG PEOPLE'S COT.

Contributions received for Young People's Cot, in Holy Innocent's Ward,
St. Mary's Free Hospital for Children, 407 West Thirty-fourth Street:

     Henry and John Goeltz, $2; Kerfoot W. Daly, Gibsonton, $1; Mamie
     Tilton, Fort Riley, Kan., $1; Easter gifts from Charles Frederick
     Fletcher, $1, Theodora Carter, $1, Maud Metcalf, 75c., Ruth
     Metcalf, 75c., and Mary Aiken Metcalf, 50c., Auburndale, Mass.,
     total, $4; Dora's Easter Offering, New York, $1; Lucy, Frank, and
     Willie Green, Upper Alton, Ill., 25c.; "Little Margaret," June 4,
     In Memoriam, $100; Teddie and Willie McVickar, New York, $20; Ethel
     Hurst, New York, 75c.; Virgie McLain, Nassau, N. P., $1.25; Annie
     and Edith Van Kuran, Clinton, Iowa, 50c.; Lena Matthews, Olean,
     N. Y., $1: Oliver T. Clough, Junction, Iowa, $1; In Memoriam,
     Herbert Stockwell Day, $50; Ethel Ransom, 25c.; Elise Hurst, New
     York, 25c.; Teddie McVickar, New York, 25c.; Lulu Lyon, $1; Frank
     M. Hartshorn, in memory of two little brothers, $1; Emily Chauncey,
     30c.; Isabelle Lacey, $10; Teddie McVickar, New York, 50c.;
     proceeds of a fair held in Zion Church Chapel, Madison Avenue, New
     York, April 22, the Lenten work of a club of four little
     girls--Helen Manice, Madeline Satterlee, Gertrude Parsons, and
     Mamie W. Aldrich--New York, $550; total, $747.30; previously
     acknowledged, $406.84; grand total, May 15, 1882, $1154.14.

  E. AUGUSTA FANSHAWE, Treasurer, 43 New St.

       *       *       *       *       *

  CLINTON, IOWA.

     We saved fifty cents out of our pocket-money for the Cot, and we
     hope it will help a little toward the support of some poor child.

  ANNIE and EDITH VAN KURAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

     I have saved these two dollars with my brother. My brother saved
     fifty cents, and I saved one dollar and fifty cents. My brother is
     seven years old, and I am fourteen. I sent these few pictures
     because I think they will please the little ones. My brother and I
     will try to send two more dollars.

  HENRY and JOHN GOELTZ.

       *       *       *       *       *

     I send you $1 I earned myself feeding chickens and getting up early
     in the morning. Mamma said I might do whatever I chose with it. I
     am not a very big boy.

  KERFOOT W. DALY.

       *       *       *       *       *

  UPPER ALTON, ILLINOIS.

     I have been intending to write to YOUNG PEOPLE for some time. We
     all like it so very much. I am so glad Mr. Otis has begun another
     story about Toby Tyler. I know it will be splendid. My brother
     Frank and I send twenty cents for Young People's Cot, and hope the
     Cot will prosper. I am so sorry the trailing arbutus does not grow
     here. I have never seen it. But we do have lots of other lovely
     wild flowers. We have white, blue, and yellow violets and bluebells
     all growing in our yard. I wish I could see the boys and girls that
     write to Our Post-office Box. I wish I was able to give some of our
     flowers to the poor sick children in the hospitals.

  LUCY L. GREEN.

     P. S.--My brother Willie adds a nickel to our contribution.

  L. L. G.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE, BAHAMAS.

     Inclosed you will find $1.25 for Young People's Cot. Once before I
     sent you 35 cents. I had a beautiful parrot which died, and to
     console me papa gave me $5, so I now send $1.25 out of it.

  VIRGIE MCLAIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

  SCHUYLER, NEBRASKA.

     We have taken HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE for only a month, but papa sent
     and got us all from the January number down. We felt sorry for the
     homeless little children, and so we sent them some papers. We have
     been saving them up from 1879. There are five of us children, and I
     am the next to the oldest. We live in Schuyler, Colfax County,
     Nebraska. We have a good many pets, but I will have to wait until
     next time to tell you about them. I will have to close now, as it
     is about time for school. Good-by.

  MATTIE CLARKSON.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OLEAN, NEW YORK.

     I am a little girl nine years old. I send you a dollar for Young
     People's Cot, which I earned by helping my mamma. The only pet I
     have is a little baby brother. I have got the mumps on both sides.
     I go to school, and study geography, grammar, spelling, reading,
     writing, drawing, and arithmetic. I must close. Good-by. From

  LENA MATTHEWS.

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

BEHEADINGS.

1. Here is a group of boys. Behead the name of No. 1, and you have an
ancient vessel; of No. 2, and you have something unpleasant; of No. 3,
and you have a nickname; of No. 4, and you see a vehicle; of No. 5, and
you have a useful article of furniture; of No. 6, and you have an organ
of the human body; of No. 7, a beautiful bird; of No. 8, a
disfigurement.

2. Here are four pretty girls, with very sweet names. Behead the first
name, and you have what the robin did to the cherries; the second, and
you have the name of the earliest martyr; the third, and you have what
bees and butterflies are in summer; the fourth, and you have an exciting
chase.

  SAM WELLER, JUN.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

ENIGMA.

  My first is in apple, but not in prune.
  My second in May, but not in June.
  My third in seek, but not in find.
  My fourth in cross, but not in kind.
  My fifth in mice, but not in rat.
  My sixth in cape, and also in cap.
  My seventh in chair, but not in stool.
  My whole is a country you'll learn of in school.

  A BOY OF TEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

TWO DIAMONDS.

1.--1. A letter. 2. A domestic pet. 3. A city in France. 4. A metal. 5.
A letter.

2.--1. A letter. 2. A nickname. 3. A heavenly wanderer. 4. Human beings.
5. A letter.

  EUREKA.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 4.

NUMERICAL ENIGMA.

  My whole is a noted battle-field, and I contain 11 letters.
  My 1, 2, 6, 4 means to speak familiarly.
  My 7, 3, 10 is a horse.
  My 1, 8, 9, 5 is a water-fowl.
  My 11, 2, 6 is an exclamation.

  EMPIRE CITY.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 133.

No. 1.

  L U N A R   R A S P
  U S A G E   A C M E
  N A S A L   S M U T
  A G A T E   P E T S
  R E L E T

  F I G   V A N
  I C E   A C E
  G E T   N E T

No. 2.

  F irin G
  I odid E
  C heru B
  H awai I
  E ndin G
  L oung E

No. 3.

                    S
      D           I C E           D
    D U E       I D E A S       A R T
  D U C K S   S C E P T I C   D R O O P
    E K E       E A T E R       T O E
      S           S I R           P
                    C

      T           B           E
    T I P       T E A       E N D
  T I G E R   B E T S Y   E N D O W
    P E T       A S P       D O T
      R           Y           W

No. 4.

Excelsior.

       *       *       *       *       *

Answer to Enigma on page 134--Handcuff.

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been sent by "Eureka," Annetta D.
Jackson, Pansy V. R., "I. Scycle," Harold S. Chambers, Florence, Mabel,
and Annie Knight, Douglas Fay, Alex Ketchum, John B. Todd, Alice Bolton,
Emma Grace, Fanny and Fleda Cary, Viola, S. T. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

[_For Exchanges, see 2d and 3d pages of cover._]




[Illustration: THE YOUNG GENIUS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

GAS BALLOONS.

Small gas balloons are made of thin sheet India rubber, or gutta percha,
or tissue-paper; larger ones are made of oiled silk. Cut gores of the
material to be used, sufficient in number when fastened together, the
sides of each gore overlapping the gore fastened to it, to form a globe
of the desired size, with pear-shaped ends. Join the gores together so
as to make them completely air-tight. When the heavier materials are
used, they should be sewn together, and then covered with glue or thin
varnish. At the lower end of the balloon insert a tube, and tie all the
narrow tips of the gores firmly round it. Cover all with a solution made
of India rubber dissolved in naphtha and turpentine, and over the
balloon place a net bag that has been previously made of the proper size
and shape.

The gas with which the balloon is to be filled is made in the following
manner: Put a pound of granulated zinc or iron filings into two quarts
of water in a stone jar, and add gradually a pint of sulphuric acid.
Have a tube of glass or metal run through the bung with which the jar is
corked, and after taking the materials out-of-doors, fill the balloon by
connecting this tube with the tube already placed at its mouth. When the
balloon is filled, tie its neck very tightly, and it will rise into the
air. Common coal gas may be used when it can be obtained. A small car
made of some light material may be attached to the netting which goes
over the balloon.

       *       *       *       *       *

A BALLOON ADVENTURE.

An exciting balloon adventure was that of Mr. Pendarves Vivian, an
English member of Parliament. With two skilled aeronauts he recently
made an ascent from Southwest London, the start being delayed by
unfavorable weather until 10 P.M.

They found themselves in a strong current, which in ten minutes had
placed them over North London, the lights below presenting a fairy scene
of indescribable beauty. Though over 1000 feet high, street cries were
distinctly audible. Ascending rapidly to 8000 feet, in an hour they
found themselves passing at a tremendous rate over a flat country
suitable for descending, and they resolved to come down. Gas was let
out, and grappling-irons dropped, when there was a sharp check and
violent jerks, and suddenly they commenced soaring upward at a frightful
pace.

The rope of the grappling-irons had broken. The danger of so helpless a
position, especially at night, was instantly apparent, and shortly
afterward a renewed descent was made, hoping to run the balloon against
some branches of trees. When this was done, one got out, and the two,
relieved of his weight, were carried upward with extreme velocity to a
height of three miles.

Half stunned by the shock, some time elapsed before the adventurous
occupants of the balloon again attempted to descend, when, to their
horror, they heard the roaring of the sea immediately below them.
Fortunately they landed upon the beach, and not in the water. They were
eventually rescued unhurt; but Mr. Vivian's experience convinces him
that ballooning can never be of practical utility as a means of
travelling.

       *       *       *       *       *

MAGICAL MUSIC.

This is a game in which music is made to take a prominent part. On one
of the company volunteering to leave the room, some particular article
agreed upon is hidden. On being recalled, the person, ignorant of the
hiding-place, must commence a diligent search, taking the piano as his
guide. The loud tones will mean that he is very near the object of his
search, and the soft tones that he is far from it. Another method of
playing the same game is for the person who has been out of the room to
try to discover on his return what the remainder of the company desire
him to do. It may be to pick up something from the floor, to take off
his coat, to look at himself in the glass, or anything else as absurd.
The only clew afforded him of solving the riddle must be the loud or
soft tones of the music.




[Illustration: THE BASE-BALL SEASON--THE "HOME RUN."]





End of Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, June 6, 1882, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, JUNE ***

***** This file should be named 58023-8.txt or 58023-8.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/8/0/2/58023/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

